Intel471 threat intel c2 c (#4845)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: blog-service/2024-12-10-collection.md

---

> title: Intel 471 Threat Intel Source (Collection)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Intel471 Threat Intel Source (Collection)
```

image: https://help.sumologic.com/img/sumo-square.png
keywords:
  - collection
  - intel471-threat-intel
hide_table_of_contents: true    
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

<a href="https://help.sumologic.com/release-notes-service/rss.xml"><img src={useBaseUrl('img/release-notes/rss-orange2.png')} alt="icon" width="50"/></a>

> We're excited to announce the release of our new cloud-to-cloud source for Intel 471 Threat Intel. This source helps you to collect threat indicators from the Intel 471 API and send them to Sumo Logic as normalized threat indicators for analysis. [Learn more](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/intel471-threat-intel-source).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're excited to announce the release of our new cloud-to-cloud source for Intel471 Threat Intel. This source helps you to collect threat indicators using the [Intel471 Stream API](https://titan.intel471.com/api/docs-openapi/#tag/Indicators/paths/~1indicators~1stream/get) and send them to Sumo Logic for normalized analysis. [Learn more](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/intel471-threat-intel-source).
```
